Retail: Add note about UEFI terminals (#194)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/retail/pages/retail-requirements.adoc

|                          | [path]``/var/lib/Kiwi`` Minimum 10{nbsp}GB
|===

== Network Requirements

* The {susemgr} Server requires a reliable and fast WAN connection.
* The branch server requires a reliable WAN connection, to reach the {susemgr} Server.
* If you are using a dedicated network, the branch server requires at least two network interfaces: one connected to the WAN with reachable {susemgr} server, and one connected to the internal branch LAN.
* Terminals require a LAN connection to the branch server network.

== POS Terminal UEFI Secure Booting Requirements

Secure boot from the network using UEFI PXE or UEFI HTTP is supported on both {sles}{nbsp}12 and {sles}{nbsp}15.

> UEFI Secure Boot is fully supported on {sles}{nbsp}15 images only.
> 
> You cannot boot {sles}{nbsp}12 images using UEFI secure boot.

Reviewer: This is missing critical piece of information - this concerns only local boot (that is boot from harddrive).

```suggestion
Booting from harddrive using UEFI Secure Boot is supported on {sles}{nbsp}15 images only.

You cannot boot {sles}{nbsp}12 images using UEFI secure boot from harddrive.
```
